README.md, before:

# intelliRPGLE README

This is the README for your extension "IntelliRPGLE". 
Follow this project at: https://github.com/Moralescr/IntelliRPGLE

## Documentation
 **`Supported definitions`**
| Shortcut | Description | Shortcut | Description |
| ------ | ------ |------|------|
| dclf | Files definition: PF and LF files | dcldsp | Files definition: Screen file |
| array | Array definition: char, packed, zoned | dcls | Variables: char, zoned, packed type |
| copy | "Copy" definition | include | "Include" definition |
| dcldate | Variables: date type | dcltime | Variables: time type |
| dcltimestamp | Variables: timestamp type | dclc | Constant definition |
| ds | Data structure: Normal subfields | dspos | Data structure: subfields with position |
| dsext | Data structure: External file | dsdtaara | Data structure: "*DTAARA" definition |
| dspsds | Data structure: "*PSDS" definition | dsind | Data structure: Indicators |
| dclpi | Prototypes: Input parameters | dclpr | Prototypes: External programs |

 **`Supported opcodes, expressions and built-in functions(BIF)`**
| Shortcut | Description | Shortcut | Description |
| ------ | ------ |------|------|
| dclproc | Operation code: Procedure Interface | begsr | Operation code: Subroutine|
| if | Operation code: "If" | ifelse | Operation code: "If-Else" |
| dow | Operation code: "Do while" | for | Operation code: "For"  |
| mon | Operation code: "Monitor" | select | Operation code: "Select"  |
| chain |Operation code: Random retrieval from a file | setll |Operation code: Set lower limit |
| setgt | Operation code: Set greater than definition | clear | Operation code: "Clear"|
| char | Built-in functions: %char() | int | Built-in functions: %int()|
| uns | Built-in functions: %uns() | float | Built-in functions: %float()|
| dec | Built-in functions: %dec() | int | Built-in functions: %date() |
| date | Built-in functions: %date() | time | Built-in functions: %time() |
| timestmp | Built-in functions: %timestamp() | subst | Built-in functions: %subst() |
| scan | Built-in functions: %scan() | diff | Built-in functions: %diff() |
| trim | Built-in functions: %trim() | trimr | Built-in functions: %trimr() |
| lower | Built-in functions: %lower() | upper | Built-in functions: %upper() |
| split | Built-in functions: %split() | len | Built-in functions: %len() |
| charCount | Built-in functions: %charCount() | left | Built-in functions: %left() |
| min | Built-in functions: %min() | max | Built-in functions: %max() | 
| xlate | Built-in functions: %xlate() | eof | Built-in functions: %eof() |
| equal | Built-in functions: %equal() | found | Built-in functions: %found() |

>  More snippets coming soon!
 
## Release Notes

### 0.1.0
Initial release

**Enjoy the extension**

Commit message:

Buil-in functions is added

README.md, after:

# intelliRPGLE README

This is the README for your extension "IntelliRPGLE". 
Follow this project at: https://github.com/Moralescr/IntelliRPGLE

## Documentation
 **`Supported definitions`**
| Shortcut | Description | Shortcut | Description |
| ------ | ------ |------|------|
| dclf | Files definition: PF and LF files | dcldsp | Files definition: Screen file |
| array | Array definition: char, packed, zoned | dcls | Variables: char, zoned, packed type |
| copy | "Copy" definition | include | "Include" definition |
| dcldate | Variables: date type | dcltime | Variables: time type |
| dcltimestamp | Variables: timestamp type | dclc | Constant definition |
| ds | Data structure: Normal subfields | dspos | Data structure: subfields with position |
| dsext | Data structure: External file | dsdtaara | Data structure: "*DTAARA" definition |
| dspsds | Data structure: "*PSDS" definition | dsind | Data structure: Indicators |
| dclpi | Prototypes: Input parameters | dclpr | Prototypes: External programs |

 **`Supported opcodes, expressions and built-in functions(BIF)`**
| Shortcut | Description | Shortcut | Description |
| ------ | ------ |------|------|
| dclproc | Operation code: Procedure Interface | begsr | Operation code: Subroutine|
| if | Operation code: "If" | ifelse | Operation code: "If-Else" |
| dow | Operation code: "Do while" | for | Operation code: "For"  |
| mon | Operation code: "Monitor" | select | Operation code: "Select"  |
| chain |Operation code: Random retrieval from a file | setll |Operation code: Set lower limit |
| setgt | Operation code: Set greater than definition | clear | Operation code: "Clear"|
| char | Built-in functions: %char() | int | Built-in functions: %int()|
| uns | Built-in functions: %uns() | float | Built-in functions: %float()|
| dec | Built-in functions: %dec() | int | Built-in functions: %date() |
| date | Built-in functions: %date() | time | Built-in functions: %time() |
| timestmp | Built-in functions: %timestamp() | subst | Built-in functions: %subst() |
| scan | Built-in functions: %scan() | diff | Built-in functions: %diff() |
| trim | Built-in functions: %trim() | trimr | Built-in functions: %trimr() |
| lower | Built-in functions: %lower() | upper | Built-in functions: %upper() |
| split | Built-in functions: %split() | len | Built-in functions: %len() |
| charCount | Built-in functions: %charCount() | left | Built-in functions: %left() |
| min | Built-in functions: %min() | max | Built-in functions: %max() | 
| xlate | Built-in functions: %xlate() | eof | Built-in functions: %eof() |
| equal | Built-in functions: %equal() | found | Built-in functions: %found() |
| check | Built-in functions: %check() | checkr | Built-in functions: %checkr() |
| setLen | Built-in functions: Set %len() |  |  |

>  More snippets coming soon!
 
## Release Notes

### 0.1.0
Initial release

**Enjoy the extension**
